To this very day, hate surrounds us. It was no different in the twentieth century, with segregation and rampant wars prevalent. Citizens of all nations were being left behind in rubble and despair, while others turned their back on the commitments they had made to the world around them. However, a beacon of hope was found in America, lit by the contributions of Eleanor Roosevelt.This is why Claudia Johnson, a fellow First Lady herself, uses her prowess as a political figure to emphasize the contributions of Eleanor Roosevelt through alluding to great quotes she felt embodied the spirit of Eleanor Roosevelt and by utilizing her perspective of having known Eleanor personally and admiring her to encourage women to act in similar ways of Eleanor Roosevelt.
Claudia Johnson integrates quotes into her writing that illuminates the kind of person Eleanor Roosevelt was. Knowing that Eleanor Roosevelt was outspoken about issues that many others stayed silent about, she utilizes a quote from a member of the Jewish community under the Hitler regime to establish a contrast: “The most urgent, the most disgraceful, the most shameful, andthe most tragic problem- is silence,” Johnson echoes, arguing that Roosevelt was far from silenton the issues she cared about, such as the treatment of African Americans and the underprivileged in society (Johnson). By alluding to this quote in her speech, Johnson is successful in eliciting a fire within her audience that encourages them to use their credibility as women in the political sphere to do good like Eleanor Roosevelt once did. Claudia Johnson wants her audience to be the next generation of Eleanor Roosevelt’s so that they can accomplish more in Eleanor Roosevelt’s memory than could have ever been dreamt of. By appealing to a passion in her audience and ultimately eliciting vibrant emotions, she encourages her audience to pursue tasks that make them feel as hard-working and as excited about the work they do as Eleanor Roosevelt felt about her work.
This great speaker does not simply make assumptions about Eleanor Roosevelt, instead, she uses her background as someone who had been involved in the political sphere to elaborate on how unique Eleanor Roosevelt was. By warmly stating that Eleanor “extended her hand and hospitality to me”, she truly exemplifies why Eleanor Roosevelt was such a significant political figure during this time period (Johnson). She used her charm to extend her sphere of influence, enough to the point where she was later referred to as the “First Lady in the world” (Johnson). Eleanor Roosevelt did not shy away with all of this power, instead she harnessed it to create a better life for others. By Claudia Johnson showing how Eleanor Roosevelt did this not only in the public’s eye but also in her personal life, she demonstrates to her audience that the kind of person Eleanor was is rare and is a character trait that should be desired by fellow women in the political sphere: to not shy away from conflict but instead intervene and diffuse it, even if it’s not observed as a woman’s place. By eliciting a feeling of desire to achieve in her audience, Claudia Johnson continues to encourage women to pursue the same actions that Eleanor Roosevelt once took and to make legitimate change in the world that betters the lives of others. Not only that, having established a line of credibility due to having known Eleanor Roosevelt, Johnson leaves her audience feeling like they have been exposed to the great truths about Eleanor
Claudia Johnson was especially skilled in encouraging her audience of primarily women to escape the private sphere and use their knowledge and political positions to actually change theworld, like Eleanor Roosevelt did. Johnson argues that Eleanor Roosevelt wouldn’t want her accomplishments praised in a way that did not acknowledge how they had once been condemned. Speaking out against unjust practices is not easy, and it’s especially not easy for women. This is why Claudia Johnson uses her credibility of having been involved in the political sphere for an extended amount of time as well as utilizing her ability to elicit passion in her audience to encourage them to actually make strides in the world that surrounds them. She knows that Eleanor Roosevelt’s work is not done and she needs to encourage the next generation of outspoken and disobedient women. She is very effective in doing so by alluding to texts that criticize actions such as silence as well as using her perspective as a woman in power who has been exposed to the political sphere, encouraging women across the world to act.