On April 9, 1964, United States First Lady Claudia Johnson gave a speech in honor of Eleanor Roosevelt. She spoke to those in attendance of the luncheon, specifically talking to the women within the crowd. She spoke about the many great things Roosevelt achieved for the women across America. Johnson goes at great lengths to emphasize just how important a role Roosevelt played in helping the people across the nation. Johnson gives this speech to light a fire inside her audience, hoping to motivate them into taking action and fighting for what they believe in. In order to achieve this, Johnson uses multiple rhetorical choices that better he argument and make it more convincing. In Claudia Johnson’s speech at the first anniversary luncheon of the Eleanor Roosevelt Memorial Foundation, Johnson uses ethos, exemplification, and rhetorical questions to motivate her audience to make a change in the world, proving that anybody is capable of making a difference.
The first rhetorical appeal Johnson uses in her speech is ethos. She uses ethos in order to give credibility for her argument. Johnson first uses this, saying: “Nobody, said Marcus Aurelius, is either better or worse for being praised... She does not need our praise” (Johnson). This quote achieves multiple things. First, by citing a famous leader is world history, Johnson instantly gains credibility. This quote also redirects her audience’s view on the ceremony, showing how Johnson’s purpose is not to praise Roosevelt. Johnson was not giving a speech in honor of Roosevelt, but instead using Roosevelt as a model example of what everybody in the audience must do. Johnson later uses ethos again, saying: “A rabbi of the Jewish community in berlin under the Hitler regime once said: ‘The most important thing I learned is that bigotry and hatred are not the most urgent problems... the most shameful, the most tragic problem – is silence’” (Johnson). In this quote, she cites somebody who led a group of Jewish people right under Hitler’s nose. She shows how anybody is capable of makinga difference in the world no matter the situation. If a rabbi can lead a Jewish community in Hitler occupied Berlin, anybody is capable of doing what they want in their lives. This rabbi was not super famous or well known, yet still was able to make a significant change and do what he believed was right.
Johnson uses exemplification to show the audience just how many great things Roosevelt achieved during her lifetime. She first does this, saying: “I watched her at close range one day when she spent two hours helping the 75th Congressional Club give a benefit luncheon to buy a wheelchair for a crippled boy” (Johnson). In this quote, Johnson shows multiple things. First, she shows how Roosevelt was constantly motivated to achieve what she thought was right. By showing this, Johnson hopes to spark a change in the mindset of her audience, hoping that those in attendance will now be more likely to do the same. This quote also shows how Roosevelt was willing to work hard only to help one single person. This shows the audience that making a change can be as little as helping a single person. It does not matter how many people one is helping or how important one’s cause may be on the world scale. All that matters is that everybody tries their hardest to achieve what they deem is right. Johnson uses exemplification once again later in the speech, saying: “I saw her last when she
came to my home on February 12, 1962, the day the Commission on the Status of Women was organized under her chairmanship and her inspiration. She was 78” (Johnson). This quote once again highlights Roosevelt’s constant determination to make a change. Johnson purposefully notes Roosevelt’s age at this point in time to show the audience that truly anybody can make a change in the world. If a 78 year old woman can create a whole commission fighting for gender equality across a nation, the members of the audience can too make a change.
The last rhetorical strategy that Johnson uses in her speech is rhetorical questions. Johnson uses these questions to direct her argument at the audience, making sure they truly know who she is speaking to. The first example of this is evident when she says, “Only one person as involved. Where else do you start, but with one person?” (Johnson). This question highlights how it does not matter how many people are being helped. This quote makes Johnson’s goal more approachable for her audience members as many lack the resources to make a large change in the world. Many might feel overwhelmed if Johnson were to discuss people making huge changes that impacted entire nations. Instead, she purposefully discusses Roosevelt helping individual people so that members of her audience feel like they too can do what Roosevelt did. This quote shows the audience members that it is important to help anybody in any way that one can. Johnson uses another rhetorical question later in the speech, saying, “Are we ready to fight similar battles against new foes in our own day?” (Johnson). This quote makes the people in attendance of the luncheon know for sure who the intended audience is. Johnson makes sure to use first person pronouns so that the audience feels as if they have the same level of importance as she does. Johnson wants her audience members to believe that they are just as capable as she is to enact change and promote what they believe is right.
Johnson uses ethos, exemplification, and rhetorical questions in her speech at the first anniversary luncheon of the Eleanor Roosevelt Memorial Foundation to motivate her audience to make a change in the world, proving that anybody is capable of making a difference. She uses ethos in her argument to give it credibility and show other famous leaders who fought for what they believe in. She exemplifies multiple of Roosevelt’s actions, big and small, showing that Roosevelt was constantly motivated to fight for what she believes in no matter the relative importance of the cause. Lastly, Johnson uses rhetorical questions to direct her argument at those listening to her, making sure they do not mistake who the target audience is. By using these rhetorical strategies, Johnson effectively creates a well built argument that will motivate her audience members to enact change in their lives. In the end, it does not matter how big or small one’s cause may be. It does not matter how famous or unknown those fighting for their cause may be. All that matters is that when one sees something wrong in their lives, they work tirelessly to fix that problem and do not stop until they achieve their goal.
