Alongside the amazing president Franklin D. Roosevelt was an amazing First Lady: Eleanor Roosevelt. She was called his eyes and ears when he fell sick, she was a dedicated giver, and most of all, she lived out her every given word in her day to day life, accomplishing incredible feats just as she would say she would. She worked for everyone of all races and genders, and would become one of the greatest role models in the world; not only for women, but for everyone. Claudia “Lady Bird” Johnson, First Lady at the time, had the honor of giving a speech at the first anniversary luncheon at her memorial. In this speech, she exemplified the many accomplishments of Eleanor Roosevelt, and described the kindness she always showed in order to pay a respectful and adequate tribute to the world’s First Lady. Given the time period of 1960’s America, women were still stuck in many gender roles, and it was uncommon to see women achieving high statuses and fighting for causes on their own. For this reason, Johnson’s choice to list her many successes and achievements paid great homage to Eleanor Roosevelt. She mentions her work in UN and her organization of The Commission on the Status of Women, but It is most apparent in paragraph 13 that Johnson wanted to emphasize the point that Mrs. Roosevelt went beyond any normal position someone could achieve, quoting Ambassador Stevenson that she was “First Lady of the World”. This is not a job that literally exists. However, this title was coined for her due to her immense work for human rights and poverty all around the world. Therefore, my alluding to this title given by Ambassador Steven, Claudia Johnson is proving to the crowd that her work did not even fit into one job: she worked for the whole world. Alongside knowing her many career successes, knowing that being a woman, on her own, worked on the international scale as an activist for human rights was more than enough to impress any spectator at the memorial, and earn the respect of any listener. Claudia Johnson’s exemplification of Roosevelt’s success legitimized her, and earned the audience’s credibility.
In addition to listing her many successes and her title, Johnson included the point repeatedly that above all else, Eleanor Roosevelt had a good heart. In order to show that her morals and heart transcended any title she could have, Johnson explained what Eleanor taught with her principles, and called upon her listeners to act as she would. First, in paragraph 12, she elaborates upon her kindness by suggesting that Roosevelt’s focus was not on an overarching cause, but rather, helping individuals in any way she could, such as “an unemployed father, or a neglected [african american] child”. This elicited emotion from the audience, knowing that she cared for individuals who are so oppressed in their time, and warmed their heart to see someoneso high up helping people so low. This pays great homage as well, by surviving her kindness by retelling. This concept is further reiterated by her call to action for the audience. In the conclusion, by urging the audience to “pluck prejudice from [their] lives, to remove fear and hate where it exists, and to create a world unafraid to work out its destiny in peace '', she is living on Mrs. Roosevelt. She is preaching her same principles, and citing them to Mrs. Roosevelt. In doing this, Johnson is giving the crowd a powerful message, and knowing that it comes from Eleanor Roosevelt, she urges the audience to have a new respect for her; successfully paying tribute to the First Lady of the World.