Eleanor Roosevelt was an inspiration. She was seen as a ray of hope during the Great Depression, during which she was the First Lady. Her humanitarian work and dedication to helping the people of the United States is what made her a notable First Lady. Her love and commitment to her nation and to the people of the nation during an economic crisis is what has solidified her standing as one of the most well known First Ladies. As former First Lady Claudia Johnson recounts in her speech, honoring former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt, she recounts all the amazing qualities of the first lady that she admires. In her speech given at the first anniversary luncheon of the Eleanor Roosevelt Memorial Foundation, Claudia Johnson uses rhetorical questions, aphorisms, and her arrangement of sentences to effectively pay tribute to the former First Lady, Eleanor Roosevelt.
Claudia Johnson’s use rhetorical questions grabs the audience’s attention to the outstanding qualities of Eleanor Roosevelt, which Johnson wants to emphasize. Johnson uses rhetorical questions to highlight the greatness of the deeds done by the former First Lady. Such as when she said “Only one person . . . but with one person?”. This rhetorical question shows readers that Eleanor Roopsevelt wasn’t afraid to stand on her own. Johnson wants to inspire the crowd and by showing them Roosevelt’s fearlessness, she hopes to make them understand that if one person stands up and fights for the right thing, that is all that is needed. This rhetorical questions helps establish Eleanor Roosevelt’s character and that she wasn’t afraid to stand by herself and help someone in need. Another rhetorical question is when she says “Are we ready to . . .”. This question helps establish the lasting effect of Roosevelt’s legacy. This question ismeant to grip the audience and make them aware that with Roosevelt gone, it is up to them to continue to fight the way she did. BY doing this, Johnson effectively manages to include the audience in her praise of the Roosevelt and establishes a direct connection between them. The direct connection helps further her purpose of paying tribute to Eleanor Roosevelt because getting others involved in this movement to help the rest of the world, is what Roosevelt stood for, and it would be the bets way to honor her memory.
Johnson’s use of aphorisms helps her pay tribute to the virtues of Eleanor Roosevelt and effectively honor her memory. One aphorism was when Johnson said “. . . sometimes silence isthe greatest sin.” This saying is a common saying and by relating it to Roosevelt, it shows her qualities that attracted people to her. Her fearlessness in the face of adversity and standing up forthose who can’t shows what kind of person she is. This aphorism effectively honors her and the lasting impact she had on Johnson. The aphorisms highlights one of the many lessons Johnson learned from Roosevelt which helps to overall drive her point in honoring the deceased first lady. Another aphorism is in
Johnson’s arrangement of sentences is another way in which she effectively pays tribute to Eleanor Roosevelt. Johnson’s syntax in her paragraphs is arranged in a format of stating a general truth
and bringing it back to Roosevelt. For example, when Johnson says, ”All of us are familiar . . . Mrs. Roosevelt never stood with. . .” , she shows how different Eleanor was from the masses. The arrangement of her sentences so as to show Eleanor did not fit into the societal generalizations, shows off the qualities of Eleanor that made her an amazing First lady and an amazing ambassador afterwards. Another example is when she says “President Wilson used to say . . . Mrs. Roosevelt steadily . . .”. This arrangement of sentences in this paragraph is to show how Roosevelt blossomed under pressure. She was put in the public eye and she blossomed and became a ray of hope for the entire nation during dark times. The author arranges her statements so that they have the maximum impact on her audience. Starting with general statements or quotes as she does in these two examples, allows her to set up the context and show how Roosevelt either embodies the statement of defies it. Both of which help establish Roosevelt’s character.
Overall, Johnson was very effective in paying tribute to Eleanor Roosevelt. Her use of rhetorical questions, aphorisms, and syntax helps the audience see the amazing qualities that Roosevelt embodied. She praises Roosevelt appropriately and thus effectively pays tribute to the former first lady.
