On April 9, 1964, Claudia Jhonson who was currently the First Lady of the United States gave a phenomenal speech at the first anniversary luncheon of Eleanor Roosevelt Memorial Foundation. Throughout her speech she glorifies Eleanor Roosevelt’s actions and upholds her beliefs describing the enormous impact she had on millions of peoples lives. Claudia uses rhetorical strategies alliteration, hypophora, and amplification in her speech to leave a lasting and meaningful impression on everyone who heard it.
Firstly, Claudia uses the rhetorical strategy alliteration throughout her speech such as when she states, “Her conscience was her councillor.” She says this while describing how Eleanor Roosevelt is not afraid to stand up for what she believes in and will always try to help other people no matter the odds. With Claudias use of alliteration it affects the audience by both causing that phrase to resonate in their heads making her speech more meaningful and it furthermore, creates and gives the audience an idea of how unwavering her conscience makes her speech more memorable.
Secondly, Claudia implements the use of the rhetorical strategy hypophora within her speech. This is evident when she states, “Where else do you start, but with one person?” Her use of hypophora causes the audience to look at themselves and to question how they view what she is saying. This pushes the audience to reflect on their own beliefs adding a level of depth to her speech as well as to get the audience more involved in what she is saying. This in addition creates anatmosphere of hope and remembrance as she goes on to answer the question causing the audience to feel they can make the world a better place themselves as well.
Lastly, Claudia uses the rhetorical strategy amplification. Her use of amplification is evident in her statements such as “She saw dictators hurling the world into war, and so she worked unflinchingly for peace” and “The most urgent, the most disgraceful, the most shameful, and the most tragic problem- is silence.” Her use of amplification during her speech causes the audience to feel the urgency in what she is saying and how important it is to the world. Furthermore, it causes the audience to want to make a change just as Eleanor Roosevelt givin how serious Claudia portrays them to be during her speech.
Claudia’s speech will continue to be looked back on for years to come due to her phenomenal use of rhetorical strategies such as alliteration, hypophora, and amplification. She demonstrates how if you can effectively use rhetorical strategies in your own speeches and papers, and how if you implement the most relevant ones to your topic you can leave a lasting positive impression on your audience. Furthermore, she set an example on how with the use of these devices you can help people see from your perspective and get people to make a change in their lives as well.