We, the people of the United States, to establish a greater unity, establish justice, protect peace at home, meet the normal shield, promote the common good, and be satisfied with the blessing of freedom. and our descendants, hiring and placing. this constitution for one in America. All the regulatory options it allows can be delegated to our Congress, so you can include the Senate and the residence of the representatives. The House of Representatives may consist of individuals who are regularly elected by the people of certain states each year, and voters in each country may have qualifications that are essential for voters in the various constituencies of the country. No person may be a counselor without reaching the age of 1/4 of a century and seven years old as a United States citizen who, when elected, will not reside in the country of his or her choice. . . Vendors and direct taxes will be levied on certain states that are likely to be included in this union, as well as in accordance with their specific numbers, but which are in the air with the participation of the full number of uncommitted persons, including those bound by the service. for years and the ban for Indians is no longer taxed, three-fifths of all remaining individuals. The actual count may be carried out within 3 years after the primary session of the US Congress and during any subsequent period for one decade as required by law. The number of representatives is not more than one in every 30,000, although each state has something of a representative; and until such a list is established, the State of New Hampshire may be certified for Chuse 3, Massachusetts 8, Rhode Island and Windfall Plantation 1, Connecticut 5, New York 6, New Jersey 4, Pennsylvania 8, Delaware 1, Maryland 6, Virginia 10, North Carolina 5, South Carolina 5 and Georgia 3. To the extent that there are opportunities to appear in the illustration of each state, its governing body will issue ballots to fill these vacancies. The seat of the representatives shall select their speaker and special officials; and have exclusive impeachment authority. The Senate consists of senators from each state, elected by its legislature, for a long time; and each senator has one vote. After being gathered for election result number one, they can be isolated as much as possible during the 3 lessons. The seats of the senators in the first place may be vacated at the end of next year, with a lower average maturity in the fourth 12th month and in the second pay period after the 6th year, a decision will be made by 33%. in a consistent year; and provided that the vacancies arise from the dismissal or, in any event, at the time of the suspension of the legislative power of any country, its government may temporarily appoint until the next session of the legislature to fill those vacancies. A senator cannot be a man who has not reached the age of thirty and a citizen of one year, and who, if elected, cannot now become a resident of the country in which he was elected. The Vice President of the United States may be the President of the Senate, but without a vote, unless they divorce. The Senate will elect their various officials and, in addition, the presidential genius tempore during the vice president's absence or when serving as president of the United States. The Senate has the exclusive power to discuss all impeachments. When sitting for this purpose, they can swear or confirm. Before the President of the United States is convicted, the Chief Justice will decide: and no figure can be convicted without the consent of 66% of those present. Impeachment punishment shall not exceed dismissal and exemption from possession and participation in any employment of excessive rank, value or profit in the United States; but the conduct of the convicted and with the help of responsible persons and the structure of the charge, trial, judgment and punishment, as provided by law. The time, place and manner of elections of senators and deputies may be approved by each country through its legislature; However, Congress may also immediately issue or amend such instructions by law, with the exception of almost all senators' seats. The Congress will meet as soon as possible and such a meeting may be held on the primary Monday in December if they are unable to select a day for change by regulation. Each residence can be selected according to the selection, return and qualifications of its personal members, and most of them have a quorum for holding paintings; although more moderate membership may sooner or later be postponed by another and may be accepted to enforce the presence of missing participants in such a way and under fines that may be imposed in any house. Each home is likely to decide on guidelines for its complaints, dismiss its individuals for inappropriate behavior, and with the consent of 66%, expel the member. Each residence will keep a diary of its complaints, and each will often disseminate something very similar, except that the elements may be confidential in addition to their judgment; and contributions yes and no to 1 or the alternative residence of each question, at the request of the fifth of this gift, will be placed in the journal. At the time of the congress meeting, there is no house that will not last longer than 3 days without the permission of the alternative, or in some weeks elsewhere than where 2 houses will sit. Senators and delegates will be compensated for his offer, which will be revealed by regulation and paid by the United States Treasury Department. In all cases, except for treason, legal and peace violations, they may be given priority for arrest by attending meetings in their homes and returning and returning from something similar; and for any speech or debate in any chamber will not be debated in another county. No senator or deputy may at any time be elected assigned to a reasonable workplace under the authority of one, to do, or to enjoy in which the will is continually increasing. ; and no man or woman holding office in America may be a member of either House for the duration of his or her term of office.