We challenge the United States to build an all-inclusive trade union, to promote justice, to promote peace, to safeguard the public good, to promote the public good, and to enjoy the blessings of freedom for ourselves and our children. Convention on the American Constitution.

All legislative power granted here must be delegated to the US Congress, the Senate and the House of Representatives.

The House of Representatives is made up of people who are elected every two years in different constituencies, and voters in each constituency have the same requirements as the majority of voters in the state legislature.

A person under the age of twenty-five who has not been a citizen for seven years and after the election cannot be a foreigner. App to choose from.

In addition to the number of freelancers who serve two years once agents and direct taxes, it can be included in the union, which is not three years, except for all Indians. The current calculation is made after the first session of the US Congress three years later, after which legislation is required every ten years. The number of delegates should not exceed thirty thousand, but each region should have at least one delegate; When that calculation is complete, it will have New Hampshire three, Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island and Providence one, Connecticut five, New York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland. Six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five and Georgia three.

When the state delegation is vacant, the executive branch issues election instructions to fill the vacancy.

The House of Representatives elects the President and other officials; He only has the right to be prosecuted.

For six years, the United States Senate will have two senators from each state elected by the legislature; Each ward has one vote.

Immediately after the first election results, they are divided into three categories. Seats in the Senate will be opened at the end of the second year, at the end of the second year, at the end of the second year, and at the end of the third year - one-third each. elected. Two years; Regardless of his resignation, as long as there are vacancies in the state legislature, the executive can temporarily appoint to the next legislature to appoint to that vacant position.

A person under the age of 30 may not be a member of the Senate unless he or she is a nine-year-old U.S. citizen and may not reside in a state after his or her election.

The Vice President of the United States will chair the Senate but will not receive a majority of votes.

In the absence of the Vice President or the Office of the President of the United States, the Senate represents other officials and the President.

The Senate has sole power to decide on all dismissals. Sit down and swear or choose this job. On behalf of the President of the United States, the President presides over the interrogation and no one may be detained illegally.

The conviction if convicted is not to be overturned and should not go beyond the use, honor or privilege of the United States, but the offender is responsible for the matter. The solution. And legal punishment.

The time and place of senators and deputies are determined by each state's legislature; However, Congress may pass or amend this law at any time, except in the case of senators.

Unless otherwise provided by law, the Assembly convenes at least once a year and meets on the first Monday in December.

Each council decides on the terms, roles and powers of its representatives and decides on the majority of representatives to carry out its role. However, few individuals may be expelled each day and others may be forced to attend.